[docs] Add info callout about available component `slots` (#7714)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/custom-components/custom-components.md

# Custom components

> <p class="description">The date picker lets you customize sub-components.
> 
> :::info
> The components which can be customized are listed under `slots` section in DatePicker API Reference.
> :::
> </p>

Reviewer: What do you think about the following suggestion. It's adding links and increasing the description specificity.
Also fixing the `p` element ending location.

```suggestion
<p class="description">The date picker lets you customize sub-components.</p>

:::info
The components that can be customized are listed under `slots` section in Date and Time Pickers [API Reference](/x/api/date-pickers/).
For example, available Date Picker slots can be found [here](/x/api/date-pickers/date-picker/#slots).
:::
```

Author: sure @LukasTy ill update the PR, Thanks you for the suggestion
